How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
	It was helpful but little difficult. As it is known, our eyes misleads when we read a text for long time. We can't compare the whole file even using these FC and diff

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	If the history is saved in meantime, even if an issue occurs after a long time on some function which was previously working fine, we can just view the history and compare the present not working program and the one which was working.
We can also view how each feature has been added from time to time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	when we choose manually on when to create a commit, we just can complete a work which we are doing and then commit which would be meaningful. But when the versions are automatically saved, it may not have a meaning on what we are doing
and that particular commit cannot be used for anything.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	If the multiple files are related, then it would be very useful to commit when we add a feature or so. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	When we use git log, all the details related to every commit like commit id, commit message, author and date are visible. We can take a note of the commit id's and check the lines changed with git diff command

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	I can go to all the previous commits and can check where that error might have occurred, so that I can rectify it in my recent commit. So I can confidently do all the changes that might break something
	
	Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
		For all the codes and repos I have